WIP: Add a TOC for OpenJ9 compiler documents (#14572)
eclipse-openj9/openj9: doc/compiler/README.md

<!--
Copyright (c) 2022, 2022 IBM Corp. and others

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under
the terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which accompanies this
distribution and is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/
or the Apache License, Version 2.0 which accompanies this distribution and
is available at https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

This Source Code may also be made available under the following
Secondary Licenses when the conditions for such availability set
forth in the Eclipse Public License, v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU
General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath
Exception [1] and GNU General Public License, version 2 with the
OpenJDK Assembly Exception [2].

[1] https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html
[2] http://openjdk.java.net/legal/assembly-exception.html

SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0 OR Apache-2.0 OR GPL-2.0 WITH Classpath-exception-2.0 OR LicenseRef-GPL-2.0 WITH Assembly-exception
-->

> ## Table of Content

Author: Addressed in d6c45e0

---

> When a method is chosen to be compiled, it is handed to IL(Intermediate Language) generator first.

Author: Addressed in d6c45e0

> IL generator translates Java bytecodes to IL trees.

Author: Addressed in d6c45e0

Next, IL trees are processed by many independent optimization passes in the Optimizer.
The optimizations first analyze the IL trees to find opportunities to optimize. Secondly,
they transform the IL trees for better performance. Each method is compiled at different optimization

> levels based on its hotness such as cold, warm, hot, scorching etc.

Author: Addressed in d6c45e0

Code generators translate IL trees to assembly instructions for the target architecture.

> They first generate machine instructions that will cause trees' values to appear in virtual registers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They first generate machine instructions wherein the result of each (value-producing) IL node is placed in a virtual register.
```

Author: Addressed in d6c45e0

                    | Compilation Thread   |                    |
                    |           +----------v---------+          |
                    |           |          IL        |          |
 +-------------+    |           | +----------------+ |          |
 | Compilation |    |           | |  IL Generator  | |          |
 |   Control   +---->           | +----------------+ |          |
 +------^------+    |           +----------+---------+          |
        |           |                      |                    |
        |           |     +----------------v----------------+   |
 +------v-----+     |     |            Optimizer            |   |
 |            |     |     | +----------+ +----------------+ |   |
 |  Profiler  <----->     | | Analyses | |  Optimizations | |   |
 |            |     |     | +----------+ +----------------+ |   |
 +------------+     |     +----------------+----------------+   |
                    |                      |                    |
                    |  +-------------------v------------------+ |
                    |  |            Code Generators           | |
                    |  | +-----+ +---+ +---------+ +--------+ | |

>                     |  | | X86 | | Z | | PowerPC | | Aarch  | | |

Reviewer 2: I would say "ARM" rather than "Aarch".

Author: Addressed in e8a650d

                    |  | +-----+ +---+ +---------+ +--------+ | |
                    |  +-------------------+------------------+ |
                    |                      |                    |
                    +----------------------+--------------------+

> +-----------------------------+      +-----+-----+

Reviewer 2: Is there a connecting line missing from the JIT to the Metadata+Code ?

Author: Addressed in e8a650d

  * Value Propagation
    * [Value Propagation (OMR)](https://github.com/eclipse/omr/blob/master/doc/compiler/optimizer/ValuePropagation.md)
    * [Overview of Value Propagation Compiler Optimization (YouTube)](https://youtu.be/694S8Tblfcg)
  * Hot Code Replacement (HCR)
    * [Next Gen HCR (OpenJ9)](https://github.com/eclipse-openj9/openj9/blob/master/doc/compiler/hcr/NextGenHCR.md)
  * On Stack Replacement (OSR)
    * [OSR Helpers (OMR)](https://github.com/eclipse/omr/blob/master/doc/compiler/osr/OSR.md)
    * [Improved JVM Debug Mode Based on OSR (OpenJ9)](https://blog.openj9.org/2019/04/30/introduction-to-full-speed-debug-base-on-osr/)
</details>

* <details><summary><b>4. Code Generator</b></summary>

  * Overview of Code Generator
    * [Code Generators and Much More (Part I) (YouTube)](https://youtu.be/ClhkRtWFeds)
    * [Code Generators and Much More (Part II) (YouTube)](https://youtu.be/1WmQhLpyjZE)
  * Tree Evaluator
  * Register Assignment
  * X86
    * [X86 Binary Encoding Scheme (OMR)](https://github.com/eclipse/omr/blob/master/doc/compiler/x/OpCodeEncoding.md)
  * PowerPC
  * s390

>   * Aarch

Reviewer 2: Aarch -> ARM

Author: Addressed in e8a650d
